h2. Redmine boards watchers and sticky groups plugin

h3. Priority for sticky messages

Plugin adds ability to select priority level for sticky messages. Messages sorted by level first and modification time second
Please do plugins migrations before use!

h3. Boards and topics watchers management

Plugin allows to add/remove watchers to the project' forums and their individual topics. Also it allows to assign watchers while creating a message.

Watchers management screen allows to add group members to watchers as well as lookup and quickly select watchers by typing part of his name

Plugin adds following extra links/forms

* Extra button *Watchers* in _Settings->Forums_ tab for each board right before +Edit+ and +Delete+
* Extra column *Watchers* in list of forums
* Extra column *Watchers* in list of topics for each forum
* Watchers management screen for new message form

Number of watchers is displayed in parenthesis after the watchers' icon.

To enable this feature you should have following permissions enabled for role:

* *Manage board* watchers (+Boards+ section of permissions dialog) - enable if you want to allow boards watchers management
* *Manage topic* watchers (+Boards+ section of permissions dialog) - enable if you want to allow individual topics watchers management
* *Add watchers* (+Issue tracking+ section of permissions dialog) - should be enabled for both (board/topic) modes to work
* *Delete watchers* (+Issue tracking+ section of permissions dialog) - should be enabled for both (board/topic) modes to work

h3. Patches and changed views

Following views are altered:

* boards/index.html.erb
* boards/show.html.erb
* messages/_form.html.erb
* projects/_form.html.erb
* projects/settings/_boards.html.erb

Following controllers/models are patched

* boards_controller (show)
* messages_controller (new,edit)
* message (sticky_priority attribute)

h3. History

0.1.3

* Added ability to manage message watchers on reply screen

0.1.2

* DE translation added
* More robust JS code

0.1.1

* Major upgrade
* Three level of sticky priorities added (low, medium, high)
* Group selection of watchers toggles users checkboxes
* Ability to select users using text input
* Breadcrumbs for quick navigation
* Added ability to check/uncheck all trackers/custom fields on project settings screen

0.0.7

* Compatibility with Redmine 1.3.x added

0.0.6

* Interface redisigned
* Removed dependency from Issues module
* Added ability to select group for watchers based on project members settings

0.0.5

* Initial release
